New hosts UI features (#1736)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_adding-a-host-to-the-host-group.adoc

> 
> [id="adding-a-host-to-the-host-group_{context}"]
> = Adding a Host to the Host Group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="adding-a-host-to-a-host-group_{context}"]
= Adding a Host to a Host Group
```

> Host can be added to a host group from the {ProjectWebUI}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add a host to a host group in the {ProjectWebUI}.
```

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Hosts* > *All Hosts*.
. Click the name of the hosts you want to modify.
. Click the *Edit* button.
. Select the *Host Group*.
. Click *Submit*.

.Verification

> * The *Details* card under the *Overview* tab now shows the *Host group* your host belongs to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The *Details* card under the *Overview* tab now shows the host group your host belongs to.
```
